---
title: Test de post
date: 2023-09-19
tags:
    - test
    - tomas
    - dos palabras
---

Update: 11 years and 11 months ago I posted this question, and wow, it still gets a lot of activity. Now, I'm pretty sure that when I wrote this, I only wanted to know how to check for the presence of a property in an associative array (a.k.a. dictionary), and as such the correct (for me) answers involve hasOwnProperty or the in operator. I wasn't interested in checking local or global variables.

But while I remember that well, that intent is not quite clear in the question as written, or even directly contradicted by it! I never mentioned the associative array, and PHP's isset does also do those other things. Let this be a lesson to all of us about how important it is to properly state your requirements in a question, and also how global variables, local variables, object properties, dictionary keys and what-have-you aren't Huey, Dewey, and Louie.

In the meantime (heh), many many people have provided answers to that effect as well, so for those of you who found this question through Google, well, I'm glad my vagueness helped in a way I guess. Anyway, just wanted to clarify that.

## Date.prototype.getMonth()

The getMonth() method of Date instances returns the month for this date according to local time, as a zero-based value (where zero indicates the first month of the year).

### Syntax

```
getMonth()
```

### Parameters

None.

### Return value

An integer, between 0 and 11, representing the month for the given date according to local time: 0 for January, 1 for February, and so on. Returns NaN if the date is invalid.
